Add quantization API doc and oneDNN to migration guide (#20813)
apache/incubator-mxnet: docs/python_docs/python/tutorials/getting-started/gluon_migration_guide.md

3. [Transformation](https://github.com/apache/incubator-mxnet/tree/master/python/mxnet/gluon/probability/transformation): implement invertible transformation with computable log det jacobians.

##  oneDNN Integration
### Operator Fusion
In versions 1.x of MXNet pattern fusion in execution graph was enabled by default when using MXNet built with oneDNN library support and could have been disabled by setting 'MXNET_SUBGRAPH_BACKEND' environment flag to `None`. MXNet 2.0 introduced changes in forward inference flow which led to refactor of fusion mechanism. To fuse model in MXNet 2.0 there are two requirements:

>  - the model must be defined as a subclass of HybridBlock or Symbol

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - the model must be defined as a subclass of HybridBlock or Symbol,
```

>  - the model must have specific operator patterns which can be fused

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - the model must have specific operator patterns which can be fused.
```

> Both HybridBlock and Symbol classes provide API to easily run fusion of operators. All we have to do is to add single line of code running fusion passes on our model:

Reviewer: Only sentence written in first person.

> Both HybridBlock and Symbol classes provide API to easily run fusion of operators. All we have to do is to add single line of code running fusion passes on our model:

Author: ```suggestion
Both HybridBlock and Symbol classes provide API to easily run fusion of operators. Adding only single line of code is needed to run fusion passes on model:
```
